TBS Reg inline hook and progressive profile support (#3294)
okta/okta-developer-docs: packages/@okta/vuepress-site/docs/guides/registration-inline-hook/main/nodejs/get-submitted-credentials.md

<!-- Note: this file isn't necessary for the latest version of the registration inline hook guide. I'm keeping it her for future reference, that is, if we document SDKs other than the Node.js SDK -->

### Add self-service registration (SSR) request code

> The following code represents a check on the `lastName`, `firstName`, `test`, `login`, and `email` properties of an incoming request from Okta; that is, the basic credentials used in self-serfice registration (SSR). The values of `data.userProfile` from within the request body contains the properties that Okta verifies.

Author: ```suggestion
The following is a JSON example of an incoming SSR request from Okta that shows the user's profile data in the userProfile property. The values of `data.userProfile` from within the request body contains the properties that Okta verifies.
```

See the [request properties](/docs/reference/registration-hook/#objects-in-the-request-from-okta) of a Registration Inline Hook for full details.

> ```javascript

Author: ```suggestion
```json
```

See the [request properties](/docs/reference/registration-hook/#objects-in-the-request-from-okta) of a Registration Inline Hook for full details.

```json
{
   "eventId":"16Ja0HcdSYy602188z6gIg",
   "eventTime":"2021-12-03T20:08:10.000Z",
   "eventType":"com.okta.user.pre-registration",
   "eventTypeVersion":"1.0",
   "contentType":"application/json",
   "cloudEventVersion":"0.1",
   "source":"rul1bufGk5dJdRYw50g4",
   "data":{
      "context":{
         "request":{
            "id":"reqQFcZNuvhRj2VZbngrI2ZJA",
            "method":"POST",
            "url":{
               "value":"/idp/idx/enroll/new"
            },
            "ipAddress":"127.0.0.1"
         }
      },
      "userProfile":{
         "lastName":"Test",
         "firstName":"Test",
         "test":"value",
         "login":"test.user@okta.com",
         "email":"test.user@okta.com"
      },
      "action":"ALLOW"
   }
}
```

### Add Progressive Profile request code

<ApiLifecycle access="ie" />

> The following code allows an external service to supply values for updating attributes on a user profile.

Author: ```suggestion
The following JSON example is a Progressive Profile request to the external service.
```

See the [request properties](/docs/reference/registration-hook/#objects-in-the-request-from-okta) of a Registration Inline Hook for full details.

> ```javascript

Author: ```suggestion
```json
```
